The variables we use are also important to functional programming.
While learning JavaScript, you've likely seen a confusing mess of var, let, and const.
Just to be sure that we're all on the same page,
let's take a quick look at each of them.
Var is the older pre ES6 variable that works in pre ES6 environments.
It comes with some of its own domains that lead
JavaScript to develop two new variable types.
The issues with var are outside the scope of this course to talk about,
but if you're interested in learning more,
there will be resources at the end of the lesson just for that.
Let and const were added in an effort to clean up some of the issues with var.
It's now recommended to use either of them in your code instead of var.
There's some dispute over which one you should use in a general program,
but for functional style JavaScript,
the only correct answer is to use const.
Consts are immutable, meaning that once a value is declared as a const,
its value cannot be edited, at least mostly.
We'll get to that. But in general,
const will be the best fit with a functional program.